Question: Does webpack automatically inject bundle.js into index.html when serving it from
the development server? How does it know which html files to include bundle.js with?

Where is the entry point for this app? the express routers don't include any render calls
to the index.html file

That's bc there are 2 servers running during development, the webpack dev server servers
the front end code. The webpack dev server is configured in the webpack.configuration file

strategy: upon login, make an api call to login and recieve back a jwt. Store the jwt info
in localstorage. Add a function that checks if a user is logged in by looking at localstorage,
called isAuthenticated. Call isAuthenticated in ComponentWillMount in every react component
with protected access. If it returns false, force a redirect to login.

Problem: api calls aren't protected. Should find a way to send jwt with fetch calls. 

mongoose - can't link documents to each other, gotta save a new copy of a subodcument

create an error handler function to clean up your code

debugging genius - wondered whether Post.find() was returning anything. So tinkered around with
Post.findOne() to discover that a post with the text 'hi' did indeed exist.
Futher investigation revealed the author field was null - I hadn't yet modified the author ref
at the time the post was created. That would explain why the populate query wasnt working!
So I ran deleteOne() to get rid of that faulty post, and no we're hopefully good.

Super annoying error: making changes to the model doesn't fully affect the database, had to
manually wipe out the posts collection in mongo shell


Groups - post retrieval api url should accept a query string representing the group's id. 
Return all the 
posts belonging to the group, posts are now subdocuments of a group. 
PostList component should then store the groupid in state. Api calls to create posts should
also include group id. 

Users schema - will need a ref to groups the user is a member of. Forbid access to a group,
create new api route for group access

React component group - displays list of groups...
When you click on a link, url becomes /posts/groupId. 

Need a form to create a new group....name field. 
post group api -> add the group to the user document

Admin privileges: Can add other members...

invitations to a group should be sent as a link through email. But users should also be 
able to find groups and request to join. Admins will receive the invite request in some 
messeges box, the invite request should display the user's email. Ideally a company email,
to thwart impersonation. 

Should not be able to search for other members, or else employers can tell who is part of this.
All invites through email links, (sign up problem). The only thing employers can see is that the
group exists. Problem of duplicate/conflicting groups? Just be a member of both

For dev purposes, just display all users to add.

How to display validation errors sent by the api(mongo)??


Added some authorization measures. Api calls include an encrypted jwt containing the user's id.
Actually i dont think you need encryption, just having a jwt should be good enough.
The question is, can you forge someone else's jwt? Well, the signature is probably based on both the 
secret key and the payload. So even if you can figure out another user's id (the payload), that's not enough. The other possiblity would be intercepting someone's else api calls; is that possible?

